# Refactoring Reflection
Upon receiving the other team’s project, the project functioned as expected; however, there were several things that had to be changed to make it easier to work with. Most of the intended functionality is present and works as expected; however, the filters that can be applied to the room selection do not actually filter anything. Another missing functionality is the ability to book rooms by registrar and admin users. While this is not explicitly stated in the requirements for the project, our group thought that this was implied, as we viewed them as having the same functionality as staff, but with extra features on top. This means that the booking of conference rooms for registrar and admin users required more changes than originally expected. As mentioned on Teams, Group 8 had the largest repository. As discussed with the group, this was due to a mistake in the .gitignore file that allowed for all of their node modules to be committed. While they were later removed from the actual codebase, the history of the commit was maintained, leading to the large repository size. This had to be changed to allow for enhanced performance and decreased storage requirements. Another aspect that had to be changed for development purposes was the Docker Compose setup. It had to be simplified to make it easier to use and less prone to errors. Another thing that we realized needed to be changed was the testing configuration. Since testing is extremely important while refactoring to ensure functionality is preserved, the configuration was changed to allow for easier testing for the team. A security analysis was run using Claude, which determined that there were several vulnerabilities that allow any user to log in as admin and gain unauthorized access to view and edit the system. While these do not subtract from the functionality that was implemented, they do open up the application to functionality that it is not intended to have and is not desired. Overall, the project meets most of the functional requirements laid out by the project, but there were several things that needed to be changed to accommodate the refactoring for this milestone, we were prepared to take on some of these problems as we knew about them prior to choosing the project, however, there were seveal more that we discovered once we dove into the project. This means that we would assign the group a grade of “B” for the overall quality and presence of their work.
