### `2025-09-29`

- Discussed existing changes and merges
- Talked about merging UI changes
- Resolved config problems and worked on project

---

### `2025-09-24`

- Discussed existing docker/tech stack set up
- Discussed design for frontend/UI
- Assigned work for UI + DB
  - Set up database - Eric
  - Set up initial API routes - Eric
  - Pages  
    - Sign in page - Keagan  
    - Staff: - Jasper (make basic functionality),   
      - See schedule  
      - Book open rooms  
      - Cancel bookings  
      - View their room history   
    - Admin: - Arda  
      - Audit records viewing  
      - System health viewing  
    - Registrar: - Jenny  
      - View user page where they can edit privileges  
      - Edit booking schedule
- Agreed to meet Monday (29th)


---

### `2025-09-19`

- Reviewed and added PRD sections to `design-1` branch
- Completed ADR-1, with plans to complete ADR-2/3 by tomorrow (20th)
- Started work on test plan, with intention to finish by tomorrow
  - Discussed plans for git workflow for rest of project (ADR-3)

---

### `2025-09-17`

- Merged our temporary private repo into the one created under course group
- Assigned work sections for PRD
  - **Overview** - Jenny
  - **Objectives & Goals** - Eric
  - **User Stories** - Jasper
  - **Functional Requirements** - Keagan
  - **Quality Attribute Requirements** - Arda
  - **Milestones & Deliverables** - Jenny
- Agreed to complete work by and meet on Friday (19th) to review and complete test/ADR sections 

---